Adrian Faircloth
02/05/22
CSC380
						Game of NIM Algorithm Outline

Starting Algorithm and Player's Move:
First, get user input for initial pile sizes, reprompting if they are outside the range 1 - 3.
Next, get user input for starting player (Human or Computer).
Then, open unsafe file and read in line-by-line to build list of all unsafe moves.
If user chose for the computer to start, skip human player's first turn.
Get user input for pile and amount to take, checking if they are valid.
Remove chosen amount from chosen pile and display updated piles.

AI Algorithm:
First, check if there are possible unsafe moves by building list of unsafe states reachable
in one move.
If there are possible unsafe states, add current state and all possible previous states to list of
unsafe states.
Sort list and overwrite unsafe file with updated list of unsafe states.
Then, test possible moves until a safe move is found.
If no safe move is possible, simply find the valid move that takes the most tokens from a pile.
Execute computer's move and print updated piles.

After each player's move, check if all piles are empty.
If so, print message indicating winner and exit.

Notes on Efficiency:
I feel that checking for any possible unsafe moves as well as moves within that subset may be inefficient,
but creating a separate list of unsafe moves possible from the current state results in quicker checks with
that design.
Overwriting the unsafe file with a sorted, updated list of unsafe states results in quicker move computations for
the AI, as only one file read/write is required per turn of the game.
The runtime of the AI's move computation increases as the unsafe file size increases, but this is negligible as the
file size increases in very small amounts per turn and the program only reads/writes once per computer's turn at most.

I did not create a very large unsafe file as I am very tired as of finishing this (Saturday at midnight), but I did not
encounter any issues in testing either large starting values or edge cases such as having no safe moves.
